you've likely heard the term new world
order but now they're calling themselves
the global self I'm going to talk about
this today and the changes that have
come through that will affect you that
you need to start to make decisions
based on all of that in today's video
let's begin the first thing I want to
talk about is that clearly there is not
enough self-sufficiency in many Western
countries look at Europe heavily reliant
on Russia that was exposed we'll talk
about that some here in the beginning we
need to understand that there's clear
dominance from Russia still today okay
so all of this we're going to sanction
Russia we're going to do so much against
Russia and yet I'm going to show you how
clearly it didn't work at least in the
way that they hoped all right and this
was partly because of what they did they
were building pipelines they were
building all these
um things that would put them through
into even more Reliance on Russia
thinking everything's going to be okay
and then
here we are so looking at this and
prices are of course at risk always and
forever it seems new developments for
lithium right now
that's important and of course I want to
ask you the question right now of who is
the world's most booming economy I bet
you can guess who's the world's most
booming economy right now okay I'll
answer that question at the end let's
look at this first EU Imports record
volumes of liquefied natural gas from
Russia wait a minute I thought they were
sanctioned wait a minute I thought they
said no well they're still doing it
Belgium and Spain are the world's second
and third biggest importers of Russian
LNG this year I'm not making this thing
up okay look at this this is from August
30th this date they are still doing this
today
we've got to realize that India consumes
11 times more crude oil from Russia
showing ineffectiveness of Western
sanctions clearly that didn't deter
India from dealing with Russia they're
mentioned the fact that they increased
the shipping price for them even though
they're giving them a cut but I guess it
still works out they're getting a
discount overall Russia may have earned
1.2 billion dollars by exploiting oil
price cap loophole all right now hey a
billion dollars these days doesn't seem
like that much but certainly
um they're going for why not hey a
billion here a billion there it adds up
and so this is just part of it China is
scooping up Iranian oil some 1.5 million
barrels per day will be imported this
month
so these countries here are not
necessarily listening to the sanctions
they are doing everything they can to go
around them and now they are doing their
all these kind of developments that are
happening with you know the brics
Nations and so on really showing us that
they're you know making it clear look at
the leader of China
not even going to G20 some say that that
was done intentionally to say we have
our own world order we are the global
South and so on
do you think so do you think he didn't
show up on purpose or was it you know
something else was going on and he
needed to be there the country's dealing
with some problems and so could that be
the reason
it's up to you to decide
all right the Saudis will have a say in
U.S elections just talking about the
crude oil prices of course whenever we
have high crude oil that creates
resistance potentially creates recession
if it gets too high and Saudi Arabia is
largely the one that is deciding the
price of oil at any given moment so
we're going to watch that very closely
Saudi oil flows to China set to soar
despite Global Supply curbs and of
course we're going to look at this
partnership going much further in the
next few years China
sets up the bricks China says hey how
about we expand the bricks you got Saudi
Arabia United Arab Emirates you've got I
mean many different countries even Egypt
was in on that look at Argentina I mean
all these different countries and that
seems to be focused around they call it
the global South but a lot of emerging
markets and of course A lot of these
countries that have resources Saudi
Arabia I mean come on we're talking
about these very big countries lots of
resources and of course that will
determine the future there's going to be
bumps along the way they all have
struggles there's no question about that
but what we see here is extremely
important all right the European Union's
dependency on Russian gas has not been
solved it has only been disguised as a
massive increase in dependency on coal
in the case of Germany an expensive
liquefied natural gas imported from the
rest of the world just think about not
that okay hardcore and uh lignite
accounted for 31
for 31 natural gas 13 mineral oil eight
percent and so on okay so it just shows
us that you know they're pushing for
renewable energy they're pushing to get
away from Russia and at the same time
what are they using coal okay and so it
just to me it just looks like nothing
they've been doing over the last little
while has worked out well they built all
that infrastructure pipelines coming
from Russia and that has had a material
impact on the economy of Europe the
whole economy suffering as a result of
all this I want to talk about lithium
obviously lithium ion batteries are in
everything today from cell phones to you
know just about everything your
dishwasher I mean it's all over the
place so this is a very key mineral
world's biggest lithium Reservoir found
in super volcano
McDermott Caldera in Nevada worth 1.5
trillion dollars worth of width 1.5
trillion dollars worth of the precious
metal that powers worlds technology and
uh
gotta say 1.5 trillion dollars worth is
it worth taking a dip in the super
volcano I don't know about that it's
gonna get pretty hot in there let me
tell you but anyway uh you can see that
there's a lot of this out there can it
be accessed that's the question that
we'll find out where they able to get it
this in the case of Exxon Mobil and
talks with Tesla Ford Volkswagen on
supplying lithium where are they getting
this from Arkansas so this is
potentially uh what they're saying here
massive supply of lithium and if they're
able to get that very bullish for Exxon
Mobil number one very good for the
supply chain as a whole and Arkansas
will benefit from this potentially if
there are actually proven resources they
can get it out they can do everything
there's not going to be regulations that
stand in the way this is very good for
Exxon Mobil Argentina's Pan America
energy joins oil Industries push into
lithium so we want to see that of course
Argentina one of those countries got a
lot of Agriculture they're in the bricks
and hey are they going to get into
lithium and expand that we will see what
happens but of course this just shows us
where the supplies are coming from and
so we want to take advantage of that if
we can now let's talk about Commodities
let's look at something here I found
this to be interesting wanted to share
it with you this happens to be the stuff
of cities and so I read through this but
what I wanted to highlight for the
purposes of this video are these at the
bottom of the screen if you could see
that brick concrete steel glass asphalt
and wood and so we could look at those
individual Commodities but that's kind
of what makes up the buildings that kind
of makes up the roads and things so this
is the infrastructure of cities and when
you look at that you got to understand
where are the these resources coming
from a lot of that is actually for the
people in the U.S
is coming from the U.S so that means
supply chain problems not as much of an
issue
um looking at you know whenever there's
potential mismanagement potential
geopolitical problems that doesn't
affect this when it's coming from the
United States when it's being
manufactured in the United States these
are good things so that means that the
United States is less prone to shocks
than we'll say Europe is and so that's
why I position Europe much lower in a
much worse circumstance than the United
States there's no question about that so
I'm not when I look at this stuff I kind
of had to balance it out this is always
a sliding scale of course but just so
you know where we are with resources
what powered the world in 2022
I think it's pretty clear look at that
Cole 35 can you believe that 35 now
hydroelectric is fantastic it's
constantly flowing the energy is
constantly there but hey there's only so
many places that they can get this from
and so wherever it's utilized fantastic
but you know what do they do coal they
pull it out of the ground they use it it
is using a lot of more in the developing
nations and still at 35 so it's got a
long way to go to get it to where they
need it to be uh based on their you know
emissions projections and so on why the
world just can't kick coal and they just
get into some of the details if you
wanted to read it I thought it was
relevant so I put it here
but the world particularly in Asia are
heavily reliant on Coastal and while
they've said that yes we're going to get
rid of our consumption of coal we're
going to go renewable energy it just
seems like it's so far off that's just
you know I don't know when they're
intending on
um doing so and now who was the most
booming economy Guyana set to grow 38
this year I mean unbelievable and why
massive crude deposits first drilled by
Exxon transforms Guyana okay and so look
this economy last year grew 62 percent
and the Boom is forecast the last years
so they finally are not only having the
resource there they're pulling it out of
the ground and they're using that and so
this is beneficial again for Exxon of
course the economy of Guyana and to see
who their trading partners are so I just
want to bring that to you to see how one
country with those resources utilizing
them what it can do to the economy very
good stuff always and that's that's an
important one we got to ask the question
okay what do we do about it what can I
do that's what I do in every video we
talk about the ACT of what you can do
and I think it's very clear that
countries who have the resources and can
use them are positioned to do well for
growth okay others are in trouble so if
you're just reliant on you know the old
ways the the banking and all these
things maybe like something like let's
just say the city of London
it's going to be very good for a very
small set of people and not so good for
others we need resources we need more
than just
you know something that was fantastic
100 200 years ago that's very clear
know what commodity comes through where
and to where so you gotta track that
I've covered this many times in previous
videos but know where it's coming from
if it is a copper okay I know where it's
coming from who's buying that copper is
it soybeans okay who's producing the
soybeans where are they getting shipped
to all of these different things so we
know how the tensions are between the
two soybeans are being bought less from
the United States by China and they're
moving to Brazil they're saying I'd
rather do deal with Brazil on this
at the same time we could see uh you
know different things that have been
happening basically with China and
Australia I mean look at all these
different countries okay so clearly if
they can set up a new partner like in
the case of Russia
a lot of these countries in Europe said
we don't want your resources anymore
well they went to India they went to
other parts of Asia and they said hey do
you want to buy our stuff they said yes
absolutely and now they're exporting
even more than they did before all right
so
I think it's important to understand
that we invest what's proven only what's
proven don't say yeah you know this
company is going to do this thing in 10
years from now and it's going to create
this big boom
we can't do that we can't manage that it
is you know that's too at risk of a
shock to happen to you so don't do that
when you look at you know where these
valuations are coming from watch just be
very clear about that all right looking
at this is basically just to get in
touch with me directly to get the video
of the day all that information is
located at Discord the link is in the
description I want to see you over there
click there and then say hi when you
come on in the comment of the day Uncle
Sam said I am on social security so it
will go the cbdc route I saw this
totalitarian dystopia coming a few years
ago decided uh and no Investments are
going to put everything into a small
off-grid Homestead and that is
definitely part of what we talk about
with the pillars of prosperity yes you
can increase your income but also at the
same time self-sufficiency is important
and so you can go one to the other you
can do both but you gotta do something
don't sit idle don't just wait for
things to come take action today be
proactive if you want you know any other
information you could always reach me
directly at Discord always I love your
comments thank you very much for them
I'll see you in the next one take care